Add Typescript typings + rework (#37)
hapijs/mimos: API.md

## Usage

### `new Mimos.Mimos([options])`

Creates a new Mimos object where:

- `[options]` - an option object the following keys
    - `[override]` - an object hash that is merged into the built in mime information specified [here](https://github.com/jshttp/mime-db). Each key value pair represents a single mime object. Each override value should follow this schema:
        - `key` - the key is the lower-cased correct mime-type. (Ex. "application/javascript").
        - `value` - the value should be an object following the specifications outlined [here](https://github.com/jshttp/mime-db#data-structure). Additional values include:
          - `type` - specify the `type` value of result objects, defaults to `key`. See the example below for more clarification.
          - `predicate` - method with signature `function(mime)` when this mime type is found in the database, this function will run. This allows you make customizations to `mime` based on developer criteria.

### `mimos.path(path)`

> Lookup file extension from path and return mime object, or `null` if not found, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lookup file extension from path and return mime object, or an empty object literal `{}` if not found, where:
```

I believe we forgot to update the documentation after the breaking change revert.
